fix/added status detail to payments post (#2364)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/checkout-api-v2/other-payment-methods.en.md

With the MercadoPago.js library included, add the payment form below to your project to ensure the secure capture of buyer data. In this step, it is important to use the list you consulted to obtain the available payment methods to create the payment options you want to offer.

----[mlm, mla, mpe, mco, mlu, mlc]----
[[[
```html

  <form id="form-checkout" action="/process_payment" method="post">
    <div>
      <div>
        <label for="payerFirstName">Nombre</label>
        <input id="form-checkout__payerFirstName" name="payerFirstName" type="text">
      </div>
      <div>

>         <label for="payerLastName">Appelido</label>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <label for="payerLastName">Apellido</label>
```

When finalizing the inclusion of the payment form and obtaining the types of documents, it is necessary to forward the buyer's email, type and document number, the payment method used and the details of the amount to be paid using our Payments API or one of our SDKs.

----[mlb]----
To configure payments with **Boleto Bancário** or **Pagamento em lotérica**, send a **POST** with the parameters detailed in the tables below to the endpoint [/v1/payments](/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments/post) and run the request or, if you prefer, use one of our SDKs below.

> WARNING
>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```

[[[
```php
<?php

use MercadoPago\Client\Payment\PaymentClient;
use MercadoPago\Client\Common\RequestOptions;
use MercadoPago\MercadoPagoConfig;

MercadoPagoConfig::setAccessToken("YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN");

$client = new PaymentClient();
$request_options = new RequestOptions();
$request_options->setCustomHeaders(["X-Idempotency-Key: <SOME_UNIQUE_VALUE>"]);

$payment = $client->create([
  "transaction_amount" => (float) $_POST['<TRANSACTION_AMOUNT>'],
  "payment_method_id" => $_POST['<PAYMENT_METHOD_ID>'],
  "payer" => [
    "email" => $_POST['<EMAIL>'],
    "first_name" => $_POST['<NOME>'],
    "last_name" => $_POST['<SOBRENOME>'],
    "identification" => [
      "type" =>  $_POST['<TIPO DE DOCUMENTO>'],
      "number" => $_POST['<NUMERO>']
    ],
    "address" => [
      "zip_code" => $_POST['<CEP>'],
      "city" => $_POST['<CIDADE>'],
      "street_name" => $_POST['<RUA>'],

>       "street_number" => $_POST['<NÚMERO>'],

Reviewer 2: Apliquei as seguintes sugestões em street_number conforme está documentado aqui.

payments.create({
body: {
       transaction_amount: '<TRANSACTION_AMOUNT>',
       payment_method_id: '<PAYMENT_METHOD_ID>',
       payer: {
           email: '<EMAIL>',
           first_name: '<NOMBRE>',
           last_name: '<APELLIDO>',
           identification:{
               type:'<TIPO DE DOCUMENTO>',
               number:'<NUMERO_DOCUMENTO>'
       },
           address:{
               zip_code: '<CEP>',
               city: '<CIUDAD>',
               neighborhood: '<BARRIO>',
               street_name: '<CALLE>',

>                street_number: '<NUMERO>',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
               street_number: '<NÚMERO>',
```

>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```

>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```

>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```

>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```

>
> Attention
>

> > For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). Besides, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this step, when making the request via API or SDKs, it is necessary to send your Private Key - Access token. For more information, go to [Credentials](/developers/en/docs/checkout-api/additional-content/your-integrations/credentials). In addition, sending the header `X-Idempotency-Key` with your idempotency key will be requested to ensure the execution and reexecution of requests without undesirable situations, such as duplicate payments, for example.
```
